# COVID-19_DV_P1

 ## Background: 
COVID-19 has paralyzed the nation since mid-March. It has and continues to greatly impact our daily lives. Thus, when selecting a topic to analyze for Project 1, the global pandemic quickly emerged as the most salient current event to examine. Narrowing the scope of the project was difficult. There are so many different agencies, research institutes, universities and governments around the world collecting data on COVID-19. Thus, selecting one area to closely analyze was essential for the scope of this project.  Our initial key question was to examine COVID-19 spread in the major US metropolitan hubs. We uncovered key data from sources including Johns Hopkins, NIH and the CDC. We quickly realized the scope of our project was too large, leading us to look closer to home, within the same umbrella of major metropolitan areas. 
We made the decision to focus only on San Francisco and LA, specifically the counties. San Francisco is both a city and a county, whereas Los Angeles county included the city of Los Angeles and the surrounding area. Policy data for the two counties was inadequate; while we narrowed the scope, we now found ourselves with limited data. We made one final pivot and decided to focus on mobility data from Apple users to uncover any correlations between COVID-19 cases and changes in behavior as measured by tracking movements. 

 ## Key Question: 
 Why the discrepancy of COVID-19 cases between the two areas? To answer this question, we needed to quantify and visualize the discrepancy between the two counties. We looked at the individual county demographics, industries of employment and COVID-19 testing, cases and death rate. 
